Talking guys turn on android beauty
Welcome to another video, right?
is today's video to show with
infinite money in the games of the globe or
credits of those are globe money or
in your game in any game of the globe
You've seen beauty during this
week that has a tutorial on how to have
infinite money in every game
android
only that it has not been detected that it is not
worked in group games so today
I came to show you a way well.
easy simple is a little bit more
time-consuming but will work
perfectly, beauty, come on
tutorial or video for anyone who wants to see
This first video is here is okay as
to have infinite money in android games
in the description of it there is the application
for you to think it's freedom
through it you need ruth more
through it you will or will not
buy or buy credits or
gold and depending on the game there for you
make that upgrade in your game
good
I'm here with my motorola screen
razr show here for you and let's go
The first step you have to take is
ruth for freedom to work
you have to have this little game here
show select it works
Beauty is this one O death Sunday will
leave his link there he is a game
free very good by the way already had in
other analyzes
You have to have this game, you're beauty.
downloaded this game installed open at
one less time you will not let the
basic information opens first
once
after that you will open the freedom
right with this application we talk around 5
you will get infinite money
made that the games of the globe no
works if you enter freedom
go directly to google games
So are you going to get these
credits of the globe 10 following way goes
open up game called death dome you
Downloaded what happens we'll buy
inside it there is more, and that 's the
next it is not a game of the globe but
is not exactly the globe and is the only
I was able to buy the credits from
globe and then use on other games
which contract killer turned softwares
time frontline command then these games
works this way
okay is not the quickest or
most practical but it works this
in partnership with trip tonite with the
kryptonite congo so he uses that
aclu money for you is to achieve
Your points there, so say it then.
Let's wait for the game to load, then I'll
show you how you do then
I'll show you what I already bought there.
for you
beauty is a very simple tutorial I
I'm trying to explain the best
way to a game itself you
play if you want down here
here below tallinn the 87 thousand credits
that I have you will become option in
Bank
Of course the first time you open
this game will get a lot of tutorial
tutorial fine for this tutorial and
go to the bank
As you remember, you have to
open inside of freedom and then come
here seeing here galerinha
he has to buy credits is not
choose a 5,200 package to click on
purchase
is it going to open the google process
places you see I had that
buck of the blue line
There were 87,000 I'm going here.
select in agree accepted buy
He is going to tell me what will be shown.
inside the game
there are still 87 thousand
I already went there for 92 1 already increased and it is
so it works I bought all
these globe credits here
this way you enter from within that
game and will buy the credits now
I'm going to close my game here
I'll close it here completely and
now I do not even need the ones to open the
freedom, I'm going to open a game that
let me see which contract killer shelter
No, it does not take long.
It's a good game but it takes a lot of time and it's
very good and I already commented this to
you and now just wait it opens and everyone
my group credits they stay
linked in any game of the globe I
I will have the amount of credits that I
I bought it back
So you open wait to get the game.
purchase within the game and death doni
then you will have your credits in
any game on the globe
okay it is what I said this is not
the most practical method is not the easiest
but for those looking to upgrade the
Your game this way will work well.
very cool
I just hope to load the game here and
it's going to take a little bit but I want
show you that it worked out right?
see here
waiting waiting for those who are
asked in the other video that
application I used it I used the
android for to record in alcantarilha
Wow, I had not seen this monster.
beauty art comes out
Look, people here. See you up there.
install the credits value of the globe
I have so you buy by
inside the df tono and will have in any
game of the globe beauty galerinha from that era
this game this tutorial way
I wanted to show you guys.
I hope you understand that they have
I like it , I'll leave the link there.
df sunday game
in the description I will leave and also the link
the original posting of the freedom you
freedom for you and see you also test
It works and you have the money.
infinite got him in any game
android is it important that you have
roots in autism does not work so it was
This folks do not forget to
share this video with your friends
with colleagues and browse our
facebook that I will leave all the links
under facebook twitter for you and us
getting to know and getting to know the news
there is no
betting on facebook twitter and not
youtube always has beauty news
guys until the next